README.md, before:

<div align="center">

# Hi there, I'm Nishant Raghuvanshi 👋

### Full Stack Developer | Robotics & AI Enthusiast

*Building intelligent systems that bridge software, hardware, and deep learning*

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/nishant-raghuvanshi-82820213b)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:nishantraghuvanshi501@gmail.com)
[![Portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white)](https://orbital-portfolio-nine.vercel.app)

</div>

---

## 🚀 About Me

I'm a dual-degree student at **BITS Pilani Goa** pursuing M.Sc. Physics and B.E. Electronics & Communication Engineering, passionate about creating intelligent systems at the
intersection of software, robotics, and AI.

- 🔭 Currently working on **Natural Language Controlled Autonomous UAV** (Research accepted at ECMR 2025)
- 🌱 Building **full-stack applications** and **autonomous robotic systems**
- 🤖 Specializing in **Deep Learning, Computer Vision, ROS, and LLMs**
- 👨‍💻 Former **Technical Head** at BITSkrieg - India's top cybersecurity club
- 🏆 Achieved **India Rank 1** and **World Rank 1** in global CTF leaderboards
- 📚 Leading **50+ students** as part of GDSC (Google Developer Student Clubs)
- 💼 Open to **internships and collaborations** | Graduating 2027

---

## 🏆 Achievements

🥇 India Rank 1 & World Rank 1     │ BITSkrieg CTF Leaderboard

📄 Research Paper Accepted          │ ECMR 2025 (European Conference on Mobile Robots)

👥 Led CTF for 3000+ participants   │ Across 20+ countries

---

## 💻 Tech Stack

### Languages
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=cplusplus&logoColor=white)

### Full Stack Development
![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=nodedotjs&logoColor=white)
![Express](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white)
![Spring Boot](https://img.shields.io/badge/Spring_Boot-6DB33F?style=for-the-badge&logo=spring-boot&logoColor=white)

### AI & Robotics
![PyTorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-EE4C2C?style=for-the-badge&logo=pytorch&logoColor=white)
![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-FF6F00?style=for-the-badge&logo=tensorflow&logoColor=white)
![OpenCV](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenCV-5C3EE8?style=for-the-badge&logo=opencv&logoColor=white)
![ROS](https://img.shields.io/badge/ROS-22314E?style=for-the-badge&logo=ros&logoColor=white)

### Cloud & DevOps
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-232F3E?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazonaws&logoColor=white)
![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firebase-FFCA28?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase&logoColor=black)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vercel-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white)

### Hardware & Embedded
![Arduino](https://img.shields.io/badge/Arduino-00979D?style=for-the-badge&logo=arduino&logoColor=white)
![Raspberry Pi](https://img.shields.io/badge/Raspberry_Pi-C51A4A?style=for-the-badge&logo=raspberry-pi&logoColor=white)

---

## 🔥 Featured Projects

### 🤖 [Natural Language Controlled Autonomous UAV](https://arxiv.org/abs/2504.21432)
AI-powered drone with vision and language comprehension using ROS, Gazebo, YOLOv8, and LLaMA
**Research Accepted at ECMR 2025** | `Deep Learning` `NLP` `Computer Vision` `Autonomous Systems`

### 💻 [Replit-Clone - Web IDE](https://github.com/nishantraghuvanshi/replit-clone)
Full-stack browser-based IDE with real-time collaboration, code execution, and terminal streaming
`Next.js 15` `Express.js` `Socket.IO` `xterm.js` `Turborepo`

### 📝 [Zotion - Workspace App](https://github.com/nishantraghuvanshi/zotion)
Notion-like note-taking app with real-time collaboration and rich text editing
`Next.js` `Convex` `Clerk` `Real-time Database` | [Live Demo](https://note-taking-app-kohl-kappa.vercel.app/)

### 📡 [3D Pose Estimation using WiFi](https://github.com/nishantraghuvanshi)
Privacy-preserving human pose detection using WiFi CSI signals and teacher-student learning(In Progress)
`Machine Learning` `Signal Processing` `PyTorch` `Computer Vision`



---

## 💼 Experience Highlights

**🔧 Software Developer** @ LightHouse Energy (May 2025 - Jul 2025)
Built high-performance web apps with 90+ Lighthouse scores and real-time analytics dashboards

**⚙️ Backend & Hardware Developer** @ Agon Interactive (Jul 2024 - Sep 2024)
Developed scalable APIs with Spring Boot on AWS Lambda and integrated Arduino-based IoT systems

**🛡️ Technical Head** @ BITSkrieg - Cybersecurity Club (May 2024 - May 2025)
Led India's top cybersecurity club to India Rank 1, managed CTF infrastructure for 3000+ participants

---

## 📫 Let's Connect!

I'm always excited to collaborate on **web development, robotics, or AI projects**! Feel free to reach out:

- 📧 **Email:** [nishantraghuvanshi501@gmail.com](mailto:nishantraghuvanshi501@gmail.com)
- 💼 **LinkedIn:** [linkedin.com/in/nishant-raghuvanshi](https://linkedin.com/in/nishant-raghuvanshi)
- 🌐 **Portfolio:** [your-portfolio-url.com](https://your-portfolio-url.com)

---

<div align="center">

### 💡 *"Building the future, one intelligent system at a time"*

![Profile Views](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=nishantraghuvanshi&color=blueviolet&style=flat-square)

</div>

Commit message:

Add hackathon achievement and update portfolio link
Updated achievements and contact links in README.

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

# Hi there, I'm Nishant Raghuvanshi 👋

### Full Stack Developer | Robotics & AI Enthusiast

*Building intelligent systems that bridge software, hardware, and deep learning*

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/nishant-raghuvanshi-82820213b)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:nishantraghuvanshi501@gmail.com)
[![Portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white)](https://orbital-portfolio-nine.vercel.app)

</div>

---

## 🚀 About Me

I'm a dual-degree student at **BITS Pilani Goa** pursuing M.Sc. Physics and B.E. Electronics & Communication Engineering, passionate about creating intelligent systems at the
intersection of software, robotics, and AI.

- 🔭 Currently working on **Natural Language Controlled Autonomous UAV** (Research accepted at ECMR 2025)
- 🌱 Building **full-stack applications** and **autonomous robotic systems**
- 🤖 Specializing in **Deep Learning, Computer Vision, ROS, and LLMs**
- 👨‍💻 Former **Technical Head** at BITSkrieg - India's top cybersecurity club
- 🏆 Achieved **India Rank 1** and **World Rank 1** in global CTF leaderboards
- 📚 Leading **50+ students** as part of GDSC (Google Developer Student Clubs)
- 💼 Open to **internships and collaborations** | Graduating 2027

---

## 🏆 Achievements

🥇 India Rank 1 & World Rank 1     │ BITSkrieg CTF Leaderboard

📄 Research Paper Accepted          │ ECMR 2025 (European Conference on Mobile Robots)

👥 Led CTF for 3000+ participants   │ Across 20+ countries

🥇 First Price in Goa Police Hackathon 2024

---

## 💻 Tech Stack

### Languages
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=cplusplus&logoColor=white)

### Full Stack Development
![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=nodedotjs&logoColor=white)
![Express](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white)
![Spring Boot](https://img.shields.io/badge/Spring_Boot-6DB33F?style=for-the-badge&logo=spring-boot&logoColor=white)

### AI & Robotics
![PyTorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-EE4C2C?style=for-the-badge&logo=pytorch&logoColor=white)
![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-FF6F00?style=for-the-badge&logo=tensorflow&logoColor=white)
![OpenCV](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenCV-5C3EE8?style=for-the-badge&logo=opencv&logoColor=white)
![ROS](https://img.shields.io/badge/ROS-22314E?style=for-the-badge&logo=ros&logoColor=white)

### Cloud & DevOps
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-232F3E?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazonaws&logoColor=white)
![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firebase-FFCA28?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase&logoColor=black)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vercel-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white)

### Hardware & Embedded
![Arduino](https://img.shields.io/badge/Arduino-00979D?style=for-the-badge&logo=arduino&logoColor=white)
![Raspberry Pi](https://img.shields.io/badge/Raspberry_Pi-C51A4A?style=for-the-badge&logo=raspberry-pi&logoColor=white)

---

## 🔥 Featured Projects

### 🤖 [Natural Language Controlled Autonomous UAV](https://arxiv.org/abs/2504.21432)
AI-powered drone with vision and language comprehension using ROS, Gazebo, YOLOv8, and LLaMA
**Research Accepted at ECMR 2025** | `Deep Learning` `NLP` `Computer Vision` `Autonomous Systems`

### 💻 [Replit-Clone - Web IDE](https://github.com/nishantraghuvanshi/replit-clone)
Full-stack browser-based IDE with real-time collaboration, code execution, and terminal streaming
`Next.js 15` `Express.js` `Socket.IO` `xterm.js` `Turborepo`

### 📝 [Zotion - Workspace App](https://github.com/nishantraghuvanshi/zotion)
Notion-like note-taking app with real-time collaboration and rich text editing
`Next.js` `Convex` `Clerk` `Real-time Database` | [Live Demo](https://note-taking-app-kohl-kappa.vercel.app/)

### 📡 [3D Pose Estimation using WiFi](https://github.com/nishantraghuvanshi)
Privacy-preserving human pose detection using WiFi CSI signals and teacher-student learning(In Progress)
`Machine Learning` `Signal Processing` `PyTorch` `Computer Vision`



---

## 💼 Experience Highlights

**🔧 Software Developer** @ LightHouse Energy (May 2025 - Jul 2025)
Built high-performance web apps with 90+ Lighthouse scores and real-time analytics dashboards

**⚙️ Backend & Hardware Developer** @ Agon Interactive (Jul 2024 - Sep 2024)
Developed scalable APIs with Spring Boot on AWS Lambda and integrated Arduino-based IoT systems

**🛡️ Technical Head** @ BITSkrieg - Cybersecurity Club (May 2024 - May 2025)
Led India's top cybersecurity club to India Rank 1, managed CTF infrastructure for 3000+ participants

---

## 📫 Let's Connect!

I'm always excited to collaborate on **web development, robotics, or AI projects**! Feel free to reach out:

- 📧 **Email:** [nishantraghuvanshi501@gmail.com](mailto:nishantraghuvanshi501@gmail.com)
- 💼 **LinkedIn:** [linkedin.com/in/nishant-raghuvanshi](https://linkedin.com/in/nishant-raghuvanshi-82820213b)
- 🌐 **Portfolio:** [your-portfolio-url.com](https://orbital-portfolio-nine.vercel.app)

---

<div align="center">

### 💡 *"Building the future, one intelligent system at a time"*

![Profile Views](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=nishantraghuvanshi&color=blueviolet&style=flat-square)

</div>
